Spectrals - Mountain Map

Summary
    The Mountain Village is the home of the player. It is where he grew up and spend most of his life. Although his work requires that he leave his home village and go to more densely populated areas like the city, he still always returns to it. Now, however, it is gone. The entire mountain that his village resided on has been taken by the Spectrals. Now it is just a crater, filled with the destroyed remnants of the mountain and the village

Location
    The village was located high up in a mountain in a vast mountain range. Now, the area is a large crater the size of the original mountain. The environment itself is also located directly below a rift torn in The Fissure by the Cerulean Spectrals, a beast like species that also found their way to Earth.

Time of Day
    The player character and his party of survivors have travelled a long ways from the city to get back to his village, it is nearing nightfall, filling the environment with a hazy orange sunset glow. The portal to the Blue Void shrouds part of the area in a dark blue shadow.

History
    The mountain village has existed for several dozen years even though it was built rather quickly and with relatively primitive technology and no electricity. The entire village consists of small houses and terraced crop fields. It’s exact location changed periodically as new structures were built and old ones were torn down for supplies, allowing the community to migrate. The community was always aware of more advanced technology, but they chose to live without it. As environmental hardships grew, the community realized that it would need outside help. The player volunteered to be a runner, travelling down the mountain to attempt trading with and getting supplies from a nearby town such as medicine and tools. There, he became familiar with more advanced technology and found work, allowing him to better help his community.
    Now, the entire mountain has been taken by the Spectrals. They used one of their towers to tear off the landmass back to their world. The village itself remained mostly intact, but it remains in the Spectral Vale. In its place, the crater the mountain left behind is littered with large chunks of rock and houses that fell off the mountain while it was being lifted.

Inhabitants
    Now that the village has been taken by the Spectrals, there are no people left. The area is just a barren landscape of nothing but fragmented rocks and destroyed homes. That does not mean that the player is alone though.
    Since the Spectrals have recently taken the village, there are still many of them residing in the area, making sure that nothing interrupts their plans to collect land from our world.
    However, the region is also populated by Cerulean Spectrals, which are creatures from another interdimensional realm that have invaded our world via the Fissure. The Cerulean Spectrals, while not intelligent, are very aggressive and are trying to expand their territory, killing any Spectral or human that gets in their way.

Use
    The mountain village used to be home to many people. Now, the crater that now fills the area is being used as a point of entry for the Cerulean Spectrals. They have also broken into the Fissure and the opening above the mountain was ideal for them to make an entry into our world. They are trying to establish this region as their territory and force out anything else.
